(145) best risk management for any trader - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5a0oknwbr8

Transcript:
(00:02) All right. What's up, chat? Uh, one sec. Uh, can we get like Boom. All right. What's up? Today, we're going to talk about risk management. I think this is a big thing that I pretty much don't touch on too much. The only reason I don't touch on it a lot is because everybody's risk is different.
(00:24) I remember when I first started trading, I was trading with like $500, was blowing that. didn't see any benefit to that. And then I ended up saving up for a few months after learning how to trade, learning structure and stuff like that. And I started with 3,000, but I always knew like don't to blow my account. It wasn't like, oh, like a set number for me back then.
(00:48) But I think the easiest way to, you know, process information and process any type of lesson is if it's like numerically structured for somebody or um chronological order of how to do it, like a step-by-step guide. So, I guess this is what this is going to be, a step-by-step guide on risk management. And if it really helps you, just let me know.
(01:11) Um, once again, like I what I'm going to portray or like what I'm going to show in this video is things that I do, but I don't do it to a tea because over time you you kind of, you know, grow out of it and you start to be more in the markets and see how the conditions actually work. But some of these are basic guidelines to basically get to that point.
(01:31) Because right now there's certain things that I do when it comes to my entries that I would say, "Oh, don't do that as a beginner because you're not really fully comprehending what's actually going on. You're a beginner, so you're not really you don't have your reps is basically what I mean.
(01:47) " So like the same way that you know, football players or basketball players like the fundamentals is, you know, elbows and all this other stuff, but a pro player can just toss the ball up there and it goes in. So there's, you know, always going to be a difference. Um, but yeah, let's get into the video. Make sure you guys like and subscribe for me, please.
(02:08) Um, we are growing tremendously. Um, also as well, make sure you follow me on Instagram, uh, TradesBai. Um, and Tik Tok, richside, too, as well. And then Twitter. And that's it. That's all I ask. Nothing. I have no mentorships to sell you, no courses to sell you, no signals to sell you, nothing to sell you, but just grow ICC for me.
(02:31) And we spread the positivity throughout the whole trading community and show people that, you know, you don't need to sell yourself into somebody's dream. You can make your own dream. And yeah, it starts here. ICC, we're going to we're going to change the positivity in trading. No hate. All right. What's up, guys? So, we're going to go over risk management.
(02:52) Um, first and foremost, I would want to say that risk doesn't mean that you're going to lose. So, stop tying risk and loss together because risk only means that you have a potential chance to lose. There's no like um what's the word? There's no what is the word for I can't think of the word right now. there is no guaranteed profits out of it.
(03:20) I don't know why it took me that long to come up with that word, but yeah, my brain's it's cycling in. It's cycling in. Um, so anyways, um, risk doesn't always mean that you're going to come out profitable. Risk doesn't always mean you're going to come out as a loss. So, that's one thing I want you to change your mindset on is just risk in general means that it's it can go either way, right? not necessarily a loss, not necessarily a win.
(03:47) So, whenever you get into an investment, it's risky because it can come out as a loss and it can come out as a win, right? It it could be highly risky. Highly risky means that it's normally going to be more chances of losing and small chances of winning, but it's still possible. Same way with trading. It's a very risky career to get into, but it's still a slight chance that you can make it happen.
(04:13) So just always think of risk as chances. And what helps things not become so risky is you know overall putting yourself in a situation where you can solidify and just overall solidify and mitigate the the risk in general. Like you know there's a risk but you plan and execute perfectly. So anyways before I get the yapping I normally risk 10% per trade.
(04:41) This is something I found comfortable because the whole 1% 2% thing that people were, you know, trying to portray to me and say like, oh, this is the best way to do it. Me personally, I at the time of me being a beginner, I wasn't trading with $50 million or something. The reason why they say 1% 2% is because all these hedge fund hedge funds um you know big banks and stuff of course they're trading 1% 2% maybe half of that because they're trading with 50 million 100 million you know it doesn't make sense if I'm a little beginner doesn't make
(05:18) sense for me as a little beginner to trade with 1% of my capital when I only have like $1,000 bro it will take me years and I know trading is not a get get average quick thing, but like it would take me literally years to build up. Literally years. Like it I'll be on my 10th year and I'm just now making what I can make in my job if I risk 1%.
(05:40) Anyways, um yeah, that whole thing right there, it just wasn't going to work for me when I was a beginner. Everything I'm saying now is something I would do as a beginner. And you know, even now I do it, but I guess you couldn't say I risk 10% technically anymore. risk around like 3 to 4%, 5% at most because my account size is getting larger and larger.
(06:06) But 10% is what I like 10% and I'm going to explain why. So with a 100K account, that is 10 $10,000 risk per trade. To blow the account, I need 10 straight trade straight losses. So my mindset about risk too as well is how many times until I have to like completely start over again. How many times can I do it until I have to completely start over again? So there's two ways that I like to think about this too as well.
(06:35) When we trade, there's so many different factors that protects you from blowing your account that it's impossible for you to blow your account unless you your strategy is just completely wrong. just like completely wrong, right? So, there's going to be um let's see here. Let's talk about this, right? To blow your account, you need 10 trades in a row and a loss.
(06:58) So, the reason why it's 10 straight trades in a row is because like honestly, 10 straight trades, 10K, 10K, 10K, 10K, you know, 100K loss, right? The reason why I'm okay with risking 10% 10 trades as a loss is because the risk-to-reward. So once again, risk-to-reward saves you from pretty much everything. Now, I'm not going to say make this whole make it make this your whole life, but I'm also saying make sure you keep that in mind when you're taking trades.
(07:27) So if you take a one to three, just know you can be calm for your next trade because it takes you three trades just to lose all your profit again, right? So let's continue. The reality, losing 10 times in a row never happens unless your strategy is broken. At that point, if you lose 10 straight trades in a row, and once again, I'm talking from a standpoint of I don't take 10 trades a day.
(07:54) I take one setup a day. If it doesn't go, we go for the next day, right? So, if you're taking three to four setups a week, that's good. You're doing good. You're in a good standpoint. Five, you're still good. If you're taking like 20 trades a week, you might come out profitable. Of course, I know there's going to be some people that come out taking 40 trades a week and come out profitable.
(08:14) That's good for them. But if you want to survive long term, you got to make sure that you're cutting them down and focusing on those high quality setups so that way you cause yourself less stress. You can do this with small amount of capital. You can do this with a larger amount of capital. It doesn't matter. money.
(08:32) Money is the only thing that you need to get out of your mind when it comes to like just like trading in general. Like yes, you're going to make money, but you have to understand like as long as you're in the right position and in terms of where the trend is at, if you're like, okay, it's an uptrend and you're in that uptrend, you're going to make money regardless.
(08:50) If it's in a downtrend, you're going to make money regardless, right? So get out of your head of like, oh, I don't have enough capital just to do this, do that. First of all, if you feel like you don't have enough capital, you shouldn't even be looking at trading in the first place. If you're telling yourself right now, I need capital, then you should not be looking at trading.
(09:12) Focus on building your capital first and then when you have money, so let's say 2,000, 3,000. Um, for third world countries, I would say even get up to $500, right? This is for those guys. If you're in the US, bro, you better work your ass off. Anyways, so build yourself up first. Once you have some sustainable saved up money to the side that you do not need, then you get into I don't care if it takes you three months to do it.
(09:40) I don't care if it takes you six months to do. I don't care if it takes you 12, two years. I don't care. I don't care if you actually want to grow long term without facing all that dark backlash trading stuff you do in the beginning. Like you don't want to be crying because you overleveraged your account cuz you was trying to make the most out of your $50 account.
(10:01) Like you don't want to go through that. You don't want to have to keep depositing your paychecks every single week. So keep it calm. Stack up some money once you're able to have that money to use into trading. So that's that's number one, right? So losing 10 day trades in a row, 10 trades in a row is super unrealistic depending on how you trade.
(10:25) So once again, I'm not saying it's not possible for you to lose 10 trades in a row. I'm just saying for you to be like, "Oh, my strategy is profitable." And then end up losing 10 trades in a row. That means something is wrong with your strategy. Nothing's wrong with the markets. Do not blame the markets on your loss.
(10:44) Nothing about the markets is a loss. There's sometimes where the market will do a random sp sporadic movement or some kind of, you know, volume spike or whatever, but you cannot blame the markets. There's probably a reason for all that volume at that current time. Stay up to date with what's going on in the world. So, you know, okay, at this time, this is why the volume spike.
(11:05) You know, keep if if you feel like the markets is very random, seek more about what causes the market to actually move and not what strategy can get around it. Stop looking for strategies that can get around the actual price action. That's why never really taught anybody other than like I never taught you guys other than price action and market structure because that's what the market is moving off of.
(11:27) is moving off of levels where buyers and sellers are at and overall and overall building trends. I'm not going to teach y'all all this extra stuff because that's not what the market is moving off of. The market is not moving off of a freaking You know what? I'm not even going to not even say it. Anyways, anyways, your strategy is broken.
(11:52) with a 50% win rate, the odds of that is also one out of a thousand, right? Like like it would literally be impossible for you to lose 10 trades in a row if your strategy worked. If it didn't, you I can see it happen. Now, the reason why I keep saying this is because we're gonna go I I just went over this. I trade on a 1 hour time frame and higher time frames.
(12:19) Bigger trade or bigger trends, stronger moves, less noise, fewer fake outs. So, a lot of the times whenever I'm trading, I'm trading off the higher time frame, looking for the trend and being able to swing out the trend, right? So, this means I don't I don't trade often. I wait for the quality setups. There's some setups in the days that you can catch and it'll be that one day setup.
(12:39) So, it'll be a trade that I hold for one day or it can be something like normally when I get into a trade, I'm looking to hold for multiple days, but I know now like, hey, if the trend doesn't give me that, then I have to respect that. Respect what the market gives you at all times. Um, so this is the biggest part, right? I aim for one to four risk-to-reward or higher.
(13:03) Most of the cases I come out with way bigger but keeping it simple one to four setups right so the risk is 10,000 the target is 40k right simple right so what you if you have a $1,000 account the risk is $100 the profit is 400 now when we think about this I want you to go remember what I just said like a few minutes ago it would be impossible for you to blow your account.
(13:35) If you're losing 10 trades in a row, obviously you're going to blow your account. But look, listen to this, right? I want to break this down to you. I even wrote it out here, right? You win one trade, that's 40K or $400, right? If you lose three trades in a row, so if you lose three trades, right, you got a one to four on every trade. You're risking $100 every trade.
(13:58) You're looking for $400 every trade, right? You lose three trades in a row, you have $300. I'm gonna make this $300. I'm make it so it's relatable. 300, right? You risk or you lost $300 of all your money and then you take one trade, right? Which was a $400 win, right? You still come out profitable even though you lost three trades.
(14:30) So, think of risk-to-reward as that when you see one to four or one to three, that means if this one trade hits, it's going to take you four times to blow all that profit. This is why it's so important because I I definitely think about this on everything that I do. Like, I wish I can just give you guys my brain. So, don't lose me here, right? So with this math, even just math in general, it's just math.
(15:04) It is so easy to scale, I don't even know why it's a question for some people, but I guess this is not knowledge that your fellow other guru YouTubers would never tell you or has never told you. When you lose one trade, right, or let's just say you win one trade, right? $400 profit, your next trade should not be the same day. It should not be the same day.
(15:28) Your next trade should not be the same day. That's it. You're done. You're done for the day. $400 profit, done for the day. Move on to the next. You just made $400 in one day. You can't do that at your job. You You just made $400 off your phone. That's done for the day. Wait to the next setup.
(15:46) Wait for the higher time frame to give you another setup. So then, let's say you win another trade, right? So now you're in another trade and you gain 400 profit. And once again also as well remember the markets move however they want. So these some of these risk-to-rewards are going to be a little I wouldn't say misconcred but I would definitely say that the outcomes can be greater than what is projected to you right now.
(16:12) So you might aim for 1 to four but the mark markets might pump super hard that day and give you a 1 to 10. It could be less. Some days it might not pump a lot and it gives you a 1 to two. You never know. But this is what you aim for and this is the the mindset you need to have when it comes to risk in general.
(16:30) So anyways, let's say you win another trade. So you just won two one to four trades, right? $400, $800. Now take this. You are $800 in profit. This equals Why is it? Oh, because it was multiplying that, right? This equals $800 in profit, right? This equals $800 in profit. Chat, listen to me, man. Listen to me. Listen to me, bro. If you are risking $100 per trade, your account is now $1,800 in profit.
(17:19) So, this technically because you're at a $1,000 account and you risk $100 per trade, it will take you 18 trades in a row to blow your account. 18 trades in a row to blow your account. losing 10 trades in a row, the odds are already one out of a thousand. The chances are f like you have to be [ __ ] ass to lose 18 trades in a row. Your strategy is just not working.
(18:06) You're doing something wrong. So, with this being said, even if you lost one trade, it would just take that number down. If you lost one trade, it would be 17 trades, 16 trades. But you know what's funny? Even if you lost $200, right? Your next trade, if you win $400, you are now at 2,000. You're still growing no matter what.
(18:42) If you lost four times in a row, then you just lost your previous trade, right? That's cool. No matter what, risk-to-reward is going to save you no matter what. As long as you're staying on the higher time frames, looking for those good setups, you're going to scale faster than anybody else because overall, you understand the game.
(19:02) you understand that it's all numbers and whatever the market pre um projects to you, if the market projects a good week for you and you catch an uptrend, you come out profitable end of the week, right? But you guys kind of want it y'all's own way instead of using the actual rules behind it. So using the math mathematical equations to understand numbers when it comes to your risk, your lot size, all it is is just math.
(19:28) Some of you guys are like, "Oh, how do you pass a prop firm account?" I'm pretty sure like the the um the average draw down is like 2.5. That's like a daily draw down or something. And then I'm pretty sure it's like profit of uh double that. So you have to make 5,000. You know, all these different prop firms out here. I don't even remember.
(19:49) You have to make 5,000, right? If you break that down, if we take 2.5, that means we have right around like $500 per trade. We can risk $500 per trade, but we only have four setups that day that we could take. Well, we're obviously not going to trade multiple times that day. So, one setup is good enough. So, with that being said, $500 a trade, $500 a day risking.
(20:16) If we look for a one to four, that's $2,000, right? That's roughly around $2,000. $500 risk. One to four, $2,000 that day. That's day one. Then we go look for another trade. No matter what we do, even if we lost the next day, we still to now we'll be $1.5,000 in profit. From there, we can take another trade. Let's say we win this trade. So now we are at $3.
(20:41) 5,000 in profit. That's day two or day three, right? Your next day, oh, we win another trade. So that's three trades for the week. You won three trades this week. You took four, you won three, right? This one passes your account. You just passed your account in three three trades, three successful trades. It was obviously a whole trade week.
(21:02) And obviously the market is not always going to give you the best days of the week. So it might be running on to the next week, but look at that. It took you four trades in order to pass your account just using the numbers. Just using numbers, right? And some days could give you more, some days could give you less.
(21:21) You deal with that effectively, but the numbers will never lie to you. Anyways, so with risk and putting risk-to-reward together and standing by it will give you that scalability scalability later on because you're going to up this but you're only going to up this let's say when you're around so if you have a $1,000 account when you hit that next level is when I would change it.
(21:50) So, I would consistently do $100 reward or risk risk $100 if I'm at So, if I'm at I'm trying to explain this so you're not confused. So, if I'm at $1,000 a day or $1,000 account, sorry, I would risk $100 per trade. You do this. If we let's say if you are just good and it's not always going to be the case um but let's just say you had a good month or whatever the case might be.
(22:24) You take a couple losses you take some wins of course if you risk $100 per trade and let's say 5,000 you will need 12 good trades. Matter of fact, screw that. Let's say you had a a good two three weeks. Matter of fact, let's just say you had a good month, right? One good month. You need 12 trades. You need 12 trades to get to 5,000. That's all good trades do.
(22:56) So, if you take a bad trade, you're going to have to add on to this, right? So, if you lose a trade, you add on to that. So, if you know 12 trades, if you know 12 trades is going to get you to 5,000, how many months are in a I mean, how many days are in a month? 30, 31, some 28, right? You just need matter of fact.
(23:20) And how many business days? One sec. One sec. I'm pretty sure it was 22 or 21 if I'm not mistaken. One sec. Why am I opening cap cut? How many business days is in a month? I'm pretty sure it was 22. Yeah, 20 or 22. So mathematic mathematically speaking out of those 20 days you need 12 of those days to come out in profit.
(24:10) You need 12 good days out of 20 to 22 good days or business days in the month. 12 of those you can be in profit. 12 trades, right? Remember the market can move sporadically or not move with much volume. There's going to be different days. But I am for sure out of these 12 days, you can reach that goal if you take high quality trades.
(24:33) And once again, if you lose a trade, you up this. It's going to take So if you're risking $100 and you lost a hundred, then it's going to take you another trade and another trade and another trade. The more you lose, right? So 12 days from $1,000, you can get up to $5,000. In those 12 days, you've made $4,000 in a month.
(24:58) And it's not this easy. Of course, you still need to get your strategy and you still need to understand the price movement, but the math behind it makes numbers look so attainable. Everything is just numbers. Money is numbers. It's [ __ ] digital numbers. Everything is digital numbers. Like, there's no such thing as like monopoly money. Like everything is digital.
(25:23) Like the numbers that you see on your screen are digital, right? It goes into your bank account digital. You don't you're looking at your bank account, but you don't have the actual physical cash in hand unless you go to the bank and withdraw. Everything is digital. So every number is achievable. Every number is achievable.
(25:42) There's just math behind it to even get to that point. So most traders risk 1 to 2% I aim or and aim for a 1 to two risk-to-reward. That's safe but keeps them small. I can calculate aggression, high risk, and much higher reward this way. This is what makes it different. This is why my trades look different because I'm risking a lot more than what normal traders would risk.
(26:08) Aggression and then overall higher time frame makes it just come out and blend all together. Just the understanding of market structure, understanding of price action, understanding when to get into a trade and when to get out of a trade makes everything 10 times easier. So once again, everything I've said above this, it's not easy until you understand what the market is doing.
(26:29) This doesn't mean that you are a genie and this doesn't mean that you are psychic or something, but you have a great understanding of what the market is doing. So that way you can make pro projections and overall analysis on the markets and then you know find where your edge is at. Right? So the hardest part is the fact that this isn't just math.
(26:56) It's it's not just math. Um the hardest part is the fact that it is in your head. Once again um everything that you do is very psychological. I say this in pretty much every video. um all these numbers. It sounds pretty easy, sounds good, and it makes it looks good and it makes you overall think like, "Oh yeah, this is gonna be great.
(27:17) I'm gonna go to the charts and do exactly what he said." But it it just doesn't work that way. Life just doesn't work that way. you know, nothing really is just that easy, which is why it's easier to give you the lessons and give you the understandment or like the guidance or even like the the how-to guide, the stepbystep guide, but everybody's going to build.
(27:39) Like, you can give them the instructions, but everybody's going to build different things. Like, you can give them a bunch of Legos and give them a bunch of instructions on how to build the Legos, but everybody's going to come out with a different building, right? So, I'm giving you this risk management and you might use it in a different way.
(27:54) You might take something from it. You might not. You might use it to over leash, some type of way, right? But I'm just here to show you that everything behind what you are thinking is hard is not that hard. It's it's all in your head. Like everything that you think is hard and you thought was hard, I'm here to tell you is not that hard.
(28:19) And I'm not here to say, "Oh, it's that easy, too." But I'm telling you, like you're stressing yourself out dayto day, and it's not even that hard, right? So, with all this being said, um overall, this should be helping you with your losses, right? Overall, helping you with your mindset. It should clear up your your fear of a loss.
(28:43) Um I think that I think that's right here. Yeah, losses don't break you. The reason why I don't talk about losses or like hey I'm not even gonna say it but when I do lose I don't get too upset about it or bent up out of shape because overall like losses is just like a part of the risk like it's a part of the risk like once I said in the beginning trading is something that is highly risky even though we can do our analysis to make it less risky it still is highly risky and it's more favor to for us to lose than it is to win Right. Um, all in all,
(29:19) losses will never break me because I know if I take that one loss, that was a part of the risk management. As long as I didn't overrisk, I am okay. I am okay. I'm still in my plan. The next trade will make up that three times, one to four. If I took a loss, it takes away that four. We're back to one to three.
(29:38) Boom. I just profited one to three because my last one was a loss. If that makes sense to you. Um, so overall, this is how you scale to the six and seven figure range because over time it will scale up. So let's say once again, let's go back to that $100 um per per trade. So if we get up to $5,000, then we can up this up.
(30:03) So $5,000 account, we can up this up now to right around $500 per trade. And if I'm not mistaken, if I'm not mistaken, let's go calculator five. I'm pretty sure it was 12 too or like 15 divided by 15. No, what am I doing? 5,000 divided by $500 per trade. It Oh, same amount. It'll take you 10 consecutive losses. in a row to lose this whole account.
(30:51) And at this point, you can even chop this down to uh if you want 20 trades in a row to lose, but like I said, you don't need to. Um once you start going higher up, this should really help you out more. So even 10 losses in a row once again is like bro it just like bro you just have to be trash and there's no way you scale from 1,000 to 5,000 being trash.
(31:15) So then you're risking $500 per trade one to four. So you're coming out with roughly $2,000 per trade. So, in if you're doing 2,000 per trade and you have three good trades throughout the week, that's $6,000 in a week. If you do that three times a week, that is Oh, not negative, but Oh, because of this because this right here, but that is roughly around 18k per month.
(31:52) and you scaled up and that's in two months. Like think about it. If this one it took it takes you 12 trades, which is 22 days in a month, if you can get those 12 trades in that month, you can scale up to 5,000. The next month prior you're at 18K. If you do the same thing you did last month, if you was profitable last month and went from a,000 to 5,000, your second month, you can go from, you know, 5,000 to that 17 18,000.
(32:21) And once again, I'm not making it sound easy, but I'm showing you that is not as hard as you're making it. And then from here, you're at 18K. Now you're at 18K account, right? You can do whatever you want from this point. So 18K, let's see. So 18K, let's say we want to risk 10 trades. We still want to keep that 10 trades.
(32:43) So from here, 18K account, you can risk $1,800 per trade, right? Per trade. So now if you come out with a win one to four, you're making $7,000 and $200 per trade. Let's say you take two to three setups. Let's say three setups again. Let's keep it with that. Three setups a week. You can make three $21,000. I don't know why it keeps coming out negative. Oh, cuz that what you call it.
(33:21) You can come out with $21,000 per week. And then if you do that three times a week, so 21. So 21 600 times 3 weeks, you come out with $64,000 a month. $64,000 a month. I'm going to show you how much that is a year. If you do that 12 times a month, you come out with $780,000. Seven? Yeah. $768,000 a year. And that's just that.
(34:04) And from 64, you can literally scale at whatever point you want to get to. And this is all three, four months of trading. Three, four months of trading. And you've been overthinking that it takes 30 years. you've been overthinking having people tell you that it takes months on months and years on end. Like, bro, it doesn't take that long.
(34:25) So, even with 64, you can you can at this point it doesn't even matter. Let's do it again, right? 64. All I'm doing is dividing it by 10 trades, right? 10 consecutive trades because the percentage of you losing 10 trades in a row is very low. So that way we're using 10 trades for every time we want to risk.
(34:50) So if we have a $64,000 account, we do that. So we do $64,000 divided by 10 because that's 10 trades. So it says that we can risk $6,000 per trade or $6.5,000 per trade, right? So if we risk so account risking let's say 6.5 6,000 per trade 1 to four setups and once again the market is always going to present to you whatever it wants. So some days you can get a 1 to 10, 1 to 20.
(35:24) Some days you can get a 1 to two, right? So it just depends on what the market is giving. These num numbers are obviously going to fluctuate. They are not exactly how it's supposed to be, but it's to give you the right mindset of what you're doing when you're trading and taking your trades. So once again, if we're risking 6.5 per trade and we take uh so we're doing a 1 to4.
(35:48) So if we get a one to four, that's $26,000 per trade that we take. So $26,000 per trade, right? So we come out with a $26,000 profit every time we place a trade. Not every time. Oh, wait. Not every time, but most times we're coming right around $20,000, 25, maybe even some days 30 to $35,000 per trade that we're taking now.
(36:15) Right? So then we scale up our accounts because to you, you know, like this looks crazy to you. You just made now your account is at 80K. Like matter of fact, how much would that be if we took right around cuz I'm pretty sure my math is a little bit off with that one part cuz you're not at I don't know why took the took the profits cuz your profits supposed to add on to this, but you're well over 50K by now. I'm sorry.
(36:45) Look, because I put So, don't get me confused. I said 2K per trade. Um, you take three trades a week. That's $6,000. And then this is how much you make a month. Okay. Okay. That's what I was doing. I was taking the month total. Okay. Um, anyways, so if we risk and we make if we risk 6,500 per trade and come out with right around $25,000 per profit, if we do that two to three times a week, that will be $78,000.
(37:19) So roughly six figures a week, right? And then if we do that for three weeks, we come out with roughly $234,000 per month, right? So, $234,000 per month after risking all this. And once again, you're well over having a So, this account when you're when you're right around this account, your first your first month, you should already be sitting roughly around a quarter of a million dollars with just risking like this or even, you know, 180K or you might took a loss that that week, but you still didn't blow your account. So you probably didn't come out
(37:59) profitable that month. So the next month you can still apply this. Whatever the case might be, apply it with with what's going on actually. Like reality like this is just numbers and math of how it's strategically supposed to go. But real realistically, it's not going to go exactly like this, but you can definitely mimic the understanding and mimic the numbers behind it um and just the overall percentages and math.
(38:25) But trust me, this this is this is going to be what's good for you. So overall, this is how you scale from, you know, that $1,000 account into four or five months later, you can be roughly at 100K, 200K. I don't care what anybody says. The math is right there. And as long as your strategy overall is picking and choosing, or not even picking and choosing, but making sure that you're putting yourself in the right opportunities on the right trades, overall you're going to be able to come out with a win. This is setting you up
(38:57) for a win. So, I don't care what anybody says because the math is there. Now, you just need to actually make it happen. And with that being said, I hope you guys have an amazing day. If this video helped you out, please like and subscribe. But we're out.